== README

DevPoint Labs Winter 2015

Capstone Project Name:
  Workout Warrior

Team Members:
  Chris Carlson - The man with the plan
  Nick(Epic Mustache), ‘nuf said
  Kevin Murphy
  Evan Allred

Objective: To create an application for personal trainers/coaches
to set workouts for and follow up with clients to gauge client progress.

Description:
  The idea behind the project is to assist personal trainers or coaches in
  setting customized workouts for their clients so that the Trainer know better how to assist the clients.

  It will give trainers the ability to set workouts for clients
  and then send the workout to the client and follow up to ensure program is completed.
  The client will be able to update their program and leave feedback for the trainer on how they did,
  any notes, etc.

Requirements/Use Cases:

  Must be a web application with front and back end components.
  Must persist data in a database.
  Must have multiple models with corresponding tables.
  Must have associations between models (where applicable).
  Must incorporate Ruby Logic.
  Must incorporate JavaScript Logic.
  Must integrate with at least one external API.
  Must have User accounts
  Devise is preferred
  Must be fully styled.
  Bootstrap or Foundation are acceptable.
  Using an external template is permitted.
  Must be mobile friendly.
  Must have minimum 80% test coverage.
  Must be available on Github for review.
  Must be deployed with Heroku.
  Must contain the following pages:
  Contact Page with email integration.
  About Us Page:
  All team members with descriptions and contact/social info.
  Story behind the idea
  List of tools, gems, plugins and technologies used.
  Link to Devpoint Labs
  Must have accompanying 5min slide presentation


Roadmap/Milestones:

Phase 0:
  Create blank application.
  Prepare Repo (https://github.com/DevPointLabsFall2014/)
  https://github.com/your_github_username/capstone


Phase 1:
  Create Initial Schema, associate tables and have CRUD working and tested.


Phase 2:
  Program Model
  Create form that can be accessed by the Trainer to create a workout program
  Programs will be options for either muscle groups or exercises classes
    (i.e. legs, chest, shoulders or cardio, free weights, etc.)
  form should have:
   different muscle groups with a drop down lists of exercises for the trainer to choose from.
  Adds number of reps and sets for each workout
  Links to illustrations or video tutorials of how to do each workout
  An option to add their own exercises with a description and link to an example of how to complete the exercise
  Trainer Model
  Should have a Home page
  with list of clients
  list of programs
  Should be able to create a new program and assign it to a client, or make it a generic
  Should be able to add a new client
  Client Model
  Should be able to see current programs with the ability to:
  Check program as completed
  leave comments about the program
  Should be able to see previous programs
  Should be able to communicate with their trainer
  Should be able to edit personal info


Phase 3
  Add Associations to our Application


Phase 4
  Add Styling to our Application
  Add any additional features to our Application